= Shopify API

The ShopifyAPI library allows Python developers to programmatically
access the admin section of stores.

The API is accessed using pyactiveresource in order to provide an
interface similar to the ruby Shopify API gem.  The data itself is
sent as XML over HTTP to communicate with Shopify, which provides
a web service that follows the REST principles as much as possible.

== Usage

=== Requirements

All API usage happens through Shopify applications, created by
either shop owners for their own shops, or by Shopify Partners for
use by other shop owners:

* Shop owners can create applications for themselves through their
  own admin (under the Apps > Manage Apps).
* Shopify Partners create applications through their admin:
  http://app.shopify.com/services/partners

For more information and detailed documentation about the API visit
http://api.shopify.com

=== Installation

First install the pre-requisites:

    easy_install pyactiveresource PyYAML

Then use the setup script in the root of this source tree.

    python setup.py install

=== Getting Started

ShopifyAPI uses pyactiveresource to communicate with the REST web
service. pyactiveresource has to be configured with a fully authorized
URL of a particular store first. To obtain that URL you can follow
these steps:

1. First create a new application in either the partners admin or
   your store admin and write down your API_KEY and SHARED_SECRET.

2. You will need to supply two parameters to the Session class
   before you instantiate it:

    shopify.Session.setup(api_key=API_KEY, secret=SHARED_SECRET)

3. For application to access a shop via the API, they first need a
   "token" specific to the shop, which is obtained from Shopify after
   the owner has granted the application access to the shop. This can
   be done by redirecting the shop owner to permission URL obtained
   as follows:

    shop_url = "yourshopname.myshopify.com"
    permission_url = shopify.Session.create_permission_url(shop_url)

4. After visiting this URL, the shop redirects the owner to a custom
   URL of your application where the "token" gets sent to (it's param
   name is just "t") along with other parameters to ensure it was sent
   by Shopify. That token is used to instantiate the session so that it
   is ready to make calls to that particular shop.

    session = shopify.Session(shop_url, **params)

5. Now you can finally get the fully authorized URL for that shop.
   Use that URL to configure ActiveResource and you're set:

    shopify.ShopifyResource.Base.site = session.site

6. Get data from that shop (returns ActiveResource instances):

    shop = shopify.Shop.current()
    latest_orders = shopify.Order.find()

=== Console

This package also includes the shopify_api.py script to make it easy to
open up an interactive console to use the API with a shop.

1. Go to https://yourshopname.myshopify.com/admin/api to generate a private
   application and obtain your API key and password to use with your shop.

2. Use the shopify_api.py script to save the credentials for the
   shop to quickly login. The script uses PyYAML to save and load
   connection configurations in the same format as the ruby shopify_api.

    shopify_api.py add yourshopname

   Follow the prompts for the shop domain, API key and password.

3. Start the console for the connection.

    shopify_api.py console

4. Enter the following for the full list of the commands.

    shopify_api.py help

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 "JadedPixel inc.". See LICENSE for details.
